# Algorithm Analysis and Design - Assignment 2
#### Nicholas Sidharta - 2106752294

### Description
This Repository is the comparisson of Branch Bound Algorithm and Greedy Algorithm on The Weighted Set Cover Problem. The problem is to find the minimum number of sets that can cover all the elements in the universe. The sets are weighted, and the weight of the solution is the sum of the weights of the sets used. Credits for making the algorithm is given to Andrea Rubbi. The algorithm and dataset generation are both implemented in Python.

### Contents
1. Branch_Bound.py - The implementation of the Branch Bound Algorithm
2. Greedy.py - The implementation of the Greedy Algorithm
3. dataset.py - The implementation of the dataset generation
4. weighted_set_cover_(size).txt - The dataset generated by dataset.py with size being small (20 elements), medium (200 elements), and large (2000 elements).
5. compare.py - The implementation of the comparison between the two algorithms, benchmarked with time and space complexity.

### How to Run
1. Clone this repository
2. Open the terminal and go to the directory where the repository is cloned
3. Make sure the dependencies are installed
4. (Optionally) Generate the datasets using the following command
```
python dataset.py
```
5. Run the python program
```
python compare.py
```

### Credits
Thank you to Andrea Rubbi for making the algorithm and the dataset generation. The original repository can be found [here](https://github.com/AndreaRubbi/Set-Cover-problem-solution-Python/blob/master/Branch%26Bound.py)

### Disclaimer
This repository isn't meant to be somekind of research paper, this is mainly used for educational purposes. Any kind of Feedback however is welcomed and appreciated.